zekro Development Code Policy (English)
Policy v.1.2.2 - Last edited: 16.01.2018

(c) <year> <your name>

-----

1. Everyone is allowed to freely use my open source code, 
which is public on GitHub, YouTube, Pastebin (etc.), for 
own projects as source of inspiration and is allowed, 
related to the rules below, to embed my code into projects 
or change it for own purpose.

2. If you copy parts of my code or the concept behind it 
directly, which are obviously originated with my thoughts 
and ideas, you are committed to mention me (like described 
below in 3 and 4).

3. If you are using parts of my code like described above, 
it is sufficiently if you mention me as source in your info 
/ credits page in your program, in your GitHub readme file 
or on the page, where your program will be / is published. 
For mentioning, you need to place my name ("zekro"), my 
development web page (dev.zekro.de) and / or my GitHub 
profile (github.com/zekrotja).

4. If you want / need to mention me, please consider that
my nick is typed correctly zekro, or if your style pretends 
uppercase, so ZEKRO. I would prefer if you attach Development 
to my nick like following: zekro Development. Also, you can
name my real name Ringo Hoffmann, but always in combination 
with my nick. In the best case like this: Ringo Hoffmann 
(zekro Development).

5. Everything mentioned above is exactly the same for code 
snippets, which I send you private (except those simple, 
short, standard code snippets).

6. Graphical elements, logos, icons and other such elements, 
which I have created on my own, are only usable after 
personal arrangement with me. Then the above described policy
is also fully valid for those elements.

7. If you generate financial revenue in any way weith software 
containing code of mine, you must get the personal permission 
from me for that before implementing it in your published 
program version.

8. In general, this policy is also valid for every type of code, 
which is created by my "team" (supporter, admins...) on my 
"zekro's Devschuppen" Discord server send to you, except the 
individual creator gives explicit exemptions from this policy 
for it.